# Calm Down and Gamble!

This addon was created to compete with addons like Cross Gambling.
CalmDownandGambling  brings more channel options (Say, Party, Raid), and FOUR
NEW game modes (Yahtzee, High-Low, Inverse, MiddleMan)! *Taking Suggestions For
More Game Modes!!*


## GameModes
There are 4 game modes togglable by continuing the press the game mode button.
It will cycle through all 4 game modes. 

#### High-Low
Game Mode where the highest roller gets paid by the lowest roller the
difference in their rolls.

#### Inverse
The flip of high-low the lowest roller gets paid the difference by the highest.

#### Big TWOS
Big Twos is like High-Low but the only rolls go 1-2. If you like tiebreakers
and suspense, this game is for you. The gold amount in the box corresponds to
the bet for the game. 

#### MiddleMan
In this game mode the Median roller gets paid the difference between his roll
and the highest and lowest roll by the respective rollers.

#### Yahtzee
Based on the classic game Yahtzee this game mode has players roll 5 digit
numbers, scoring more points for duplicate numbers (i.e. 55555 is worth more
than 99123). The game scores all the players, lists the rankings in order, and
pays out what the user of the addon has decided for the game (textbox entry). 

### Slash Commands
*/cdgreset* - Resets the rankings

*/cdgshow*  - Show the Casino UI

*/cdghide*  - Hide the Casino UI

### Buttons
*NewGame* - Start a new game of CalmDown and gamble with the current gold
amount and game mode.

*LastCall* - If the game is currently accepting entries will set a timer and
start rolls in 10 seconds. If the game is accepting rolls will print who still
needs to roll. 

*StartRolls* - Start accepting Rolls immediately

*Enter Me* - Will print a 1 in the current chat channel to enter you in the
game

*Roll for Me* - Will roll the correct range for you based on the game mode
settings

*Print Stats* - Prints the ranking history that the current users casino has
presided over

*Print Bans* - Lists all of the bans currently saved in the game

*Chat Channel Toggle* - Button name displays what channel the game is currently
running in. Click button to cycle through chat options.

*Game Mode Toggle* - Button name displays current game mode. Click button to
toggle through options

*Reset* - Stop the currently active game. 

## *New* Calm Down and Gamble CLIENT
New with the latest release we've added a client window! If someone in your
guild or group is running a Calm Down and Gamble Casino and you have this addon
installed when they start a game you will be presented with a pop up that helps
you gamble!

### Slash Commands
*/cdgcshow* - Shows the calm down and gamble client. Not necessary as it shows
up when a new game is started, but if you want to bring it up ahead of time you
can

*/cdgchide* - Hides the client

*/cdgcdisable* - Disables the auto-opening of the client GUI when a new game
starts

*/cdgcenable* - Enables the auto-opening of the client GUI when a new game
starts

### Buttons 
*Roll* - Rolls the correct range based on the current game settings

*Enter* - Enters the current game 

*Trade* - Automatically trade the winner! First button press opens the trade
window, second button press adds the money. Just spam the button when you lose
until the winner accepts the trade. 



## Source Code!!
https://github.com/manistal/calmdownandgamble

## Special Thanks
Phones - Developer
Spikedude - Beta Tester

[Calm Down] US-Magtheridon - Gambling guild with a raiding problem. 


